# Heterogeneous Multiadapter Sample
This sample demostrates how to share workloads amongst multiple heterogeneous GPUs using shared heaps. In this sample, a large number of triangles are rendered to an intermediate render target on one GPU, then a second GPU performs a blur and presents it to the screen.

## Requirements
This sample is designed to run on a system with more than one GPU. This sample particularly targets hybrid laptops with a high performance discrete GPU and a lower performance integrated GPU.

For demonstration purposes, this sample will also run on a system with a single GPU and will use the software WARP adapter as the second GPU. You will need to install the "Graphics Tools" feature to make the DirectX 12 WARP rasterizer available. This can be done either by pressing ALT+F5 in Visual Studio (which launches the Graphics Debugger and automatically installs the feature if it is not available), or by navigating to the "Manage Optional Features" page in the Settings app and manually adding it from there. It should be noted, however, that the sample puts the primary workload on the adapter that is not connected to the display - which happens to be the WARP adapter - so it will actually run slower in this configuration than if there was no secondary adapter used at all.

### Optional Features
This sample has been updated to build against the Windows 10 Anniversary Update SDK. In this SDK a new revision of Root Signatures is available for Direct3D 12 apps to use. Root Signature 1.1 allows for apps to declare when descriptors in a descriptor heap won't change or the data descriptors point to won't change.  This allows the option for drivers to make optimizations that might be possible knowing that something (like a descriptor or the memory it points to) is static for some period of time.